To calculate the style loss between a target and style image,
we find the mean squared distance between the style and target image gram matrices,
all five pairs that are computed at each layer in our predefined list,
conv1_1 up to conv5_1.
These lists, I'll call Ss and Ts,
and A is a constant that accounts for the number of values in each layer.
We'll multiply these five calculated distances by some style weights W that we specify,
and then add them up.
The style weights are values that will give more or less weight to
the calculated style loss at each of the five layers,
thereby changing how much effect
each layer style representation will have on our final target image.
Again, we'll only be changing
the target image's style representations as we
minimize this loss over some number of iterations.
So, now we have the content loss,
which tells us how close the content of our target image is to that of our content image,
and the style loss,
which tells us how close our target is in style to our style image.
We can now add these losses together to get the total loss,
and then use typical back propagation and optimization to reduce this loss
by iteratively changing the target image to match our desired content and style.